#meeting
**Date**: 2025-11-13
**Attendees**:
- Alekss
- Jakub
- Samuel
- Martin
- Una
--- 
## Agenda


--- 
## Notes


### [[presentation-video|Presentation]] 
- Think about how we are going to present the product
- Submit video & possibly online interview and Q&A
	- Why we came up with the idea
	- Planning
	- Requirements
	- How much we did
	- Difficulties
	- Technologies
- Marking: Organization and structure 
	- Delivery
	- Prototype
	- Research
	- Technical Design (Architecture Design, ERD Design)
	- Development
	- Source Control
	- Management
### Vault updating
- How does it work? [[terminology||Nonce]]
- [[terminology|Auth Tag?]]
- Are we using hash
---
## Decisions




---
## Next Meeting
